Initial commit - ros2_generate_interface_docs (#1)
ros2/ros2_generate_interface_docs: README.md

# ros2_generate_interface_docs

This package will generate the static HTML documentation for messages, services and actions.

> It will create the documentation for all the available interfaces in your ROS2 workspace.

Reviewer: Why should this be tied to a ROS workspace at all and not take arguments pointing to e.g. packages?

Reviewer: Also how does it handle if interface files are being generated at build time by a package?

Author: I created a ticket for your first comment https://github.com/ros2/ros2_generate_interface_docs/issues/2

can you give some pointers to a interface generated at build time ?

It creates a folder with the name of the package (for example: action_msgs).

> In this folder it create another folders for actions, messages or services if they exists, inside each folder you will find the correspoding documentation of the interfaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this folder it creates other directories for actions, messages or services if they exist, inside each folder you will find the corresponding documentation of the interfaces.
```
